docs: add privy guide (#63)
OMGWINNING/aa-sdk-staging: site/smart-accounts/signers/privy.md

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Privy
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Guide to use Privy as a signer
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Guide to use Privy as a signer
---

# Privy

[Privy](https://privy.io) is an easy way for web3 developers to onboard users across mobile and desktop, regardless of whether they already have a wallet or not.

With Privy, you can easily provision **self-custodial embedded wallets** for your users when they login with email, SMS, or social logins, while also enabling web3-native users to use their existing wallets with your app, if they prefer.

Combining Privy with Account Kit allows you to seamlessly generate embedded wallets for your users and supercharge these wallets with account abstraction – setting the foundation for an innovative & delightful onchain experience.

## Integration

### Install the SDK

::: code-group

```bash [npm]
npm i @privy-io/react-auth
```

```bash [yarn]
yarn add @privy-io/react-auth
```

:::

### Create a SmartAccountSigner

> First, set up your app with Privy following the [Privy Quickstart](https://docs.privy.io/guide/quickstart). You should also configure your `PrivyProvider` to create embedded wallets for your users when they login, like below:

Reviewer: just note that this is specific to react

Author: Done! Should I take care of merging, or are you all planning to merge them all at once?

Reviewer: ill merge!

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Privy
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Guide to use Privy as a signer
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Guide to use Privy as a signer
---

# Privy

> [Privy](https://privy.io) is the easiest way for web3 developers to onboard users across mobile and desktop, regardless of whether they already have a wallet or not.

Reviewer: nit: since it's Alchemy docs, don't want to pick a favorite with language like "easiest" :)
```suggestion
[Privy](https://privy.io) is an easy way for web3 developers to onboard users across mobile and desktop, regardless of whether they already have a wallet or not.
```

> With Privy, you can easily provision **self-custodial embedded wallets** for your users when they login with email, SMS, or social logins, while also enabling web3-native users to use their existing wallets with your app, if they prefer. **It’s one library to onboard all users**, regardless of where they are in their web3 journey.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Privy, you can easily provision **self-custodial embedded wallets** for your users when they login with email, SMS, or social logins, while also enabling web3-native users to use their existing wallets with your app, if they prefer.
```

Author: Updated!

```ts [PrivyProvider]

<PrivyProvider
    appId='insert-your-privy-app-id'
    config={{
        ...insertYourPrivyProviderConfig,
        embeddedWallets: {
            createOnLogin: 'all-users'
        }
    }}
>

```

Then, when a user logs in to your app, Privy will create an embedded wallet for them. You can use this embedded wallet to create a `SmartAccountSigner` for the user:

<<< @/snippets/privy.ts

### Use it with LightAccount

Let's see it in action with `aa-alchemy` and `LightSmartContractAccount` from `aa-accounts`:
::: code-group

```ts [example.ts]

import { AlchemyProvider } from "@alchemy/aa-alchemy";
import { LightSmartContractAccount } from "@alchemy/aa-accounts";
import { sepolia } from "viem/chains";
import { privySigner } from "./privy";

const chain = sepolia;

const provider = new AlchemyProvider({
  apiKey: "ALCHEMY_API_KEY",
  chain,
  entryPointAddress: "0x...",
}).connect(
  (rpcClient) =>
    new LightSmartContractAccount({
      entryPointAddress: "0x...",
      chain: rpcClient.chain,

>       owner: magicSigner,

Reviewer 2: this should be `privySigner`

Author: Ah, silly miss on my end - thank you!

>       owner: magicSigner,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      owner: privySigner,
```
